
------
Page 2

references for self cal

The paper by Pearson and Readhead was the first application of
self-cal in mm-wave radio astronomy, but it was derived from cm-wave
radio astronomy.  The paper most often cited is Cornwell and
Wilkinson, 1981, but there was a lot of work leading up to that paper.
Here is how I described it in Paper-III:

Self Calibration is a technique developed for aperture synthesis in radio interferometry. This
technique evolved from the original idea in the 1970’s of “phase-closure” [7–9] to become in
the early 1980’s “self-calibration” [10, 11]. See [12] for a detailed overview.

T. J. Cornwell and P. N. Wilkinson, “A new method for making maps with unstable radio
interferometers,” MNRAS, vol. 196, pp. 1067–1086, Sep 1981.

50m tower


Use the present-tense as much as possible:
will be presented in Section 3
 -> is presented in Section 3

I will detail in Section 4
 -> is detailed in Section 4

serf-calibrate
 -> self-calibrate

the QUBIC Instrument
 -> the QUBIC instrument


------
Page 3

horns array will contain
 -> horn array will contain

You could also mention that even with the TD and 64 horns, we have enough baselines to do self calibration.  Otherwise it sounds like we cannot do self-cal with the TD.

has been purchased
-> was purchased

Why is Virginia Diodes in bold?


-------
Page 5

Who else worked on it?
  Manuel Gonzalez, Steve, Eda Atav, Jean Lesrel,

You can say "with contributions from..."

Regarding this statement:
  An important specificity of the QUBIC Instrument is that its target sky patch is

Note that *all* ground-based instruments have this issue.  It is not "specific" to QUBIC.
In fact, even space-based instruments have this constraint.


-------
Page 6

In additional
 -> In addition

we added the width of the QUBIC beam...

Do you mean the half-width is 14 degrees?  You added 14 deg at each end of the visibility plot: from 26 deg to 84 deg elevation.


-------
Page 7

"as mentioned above"

"as described above"

I avoid such phrases because it makes the reader think that you think
he is not paying attention and you feel he has to be reminded.  I find
it to be impolite.


"because of one key point"

In fact, there are two reasons why we cannot close all the horns except for two.  The first is mechanical.  The horn shutters require a constant voltage to remain shut.  Closing all the horns except two would then require significant input power on the system which would heat up the system.  The horn controller is therefore limited to shutting at most two horns at a time.

For the Full Instrument, we don't have the same mechanical constraint.  The shutters can remain closed without requiring a voltage to keep them shut.

Are you only talking about the FI?  When you get data, it will be with the TD.


Formatting:  In Latex, you need to use different apostrophes for open and close quotes:
"equivalent two-horns procedure"
-> ``equivalent two-horns procedure''

You have this many times throughout the text.


------
Page 9

You can say something about the expected rotational/translational movements of the tower.  I don't think we expect to see as much as 0.5 deg rotation during normal operations.  We won't observe when the wind speed is more than 30km/hr or so.

download the doc:
https://box.in2p3.fr/s/WLbHGDN9678KJki



-------
Page 11

For "roll" and "yaw":  In principle, we could have the intuitive definition of roll and yaw for our system, but we have to place the antennas in such a way as to correspond to the axes of the calibration box, which, you showed, is not the most effective geometry for us.


-------
Page 13

It was made by...
 -> Figure by ...

But, we miss one information ...
 -> We require one additional parameter ...

You can add that the expected distance will be close to 38.4 m.  The antenna will be placed just outside the dome, and you have the layout of the site.


------
Page 14

between about 60 and ...
-> between 60 and ...

observing side
-> observing site



-------
Page 15

summering -> summarizing


with noticed problems
-> showing some problems

a more advanced analysis was done
-> a more advanced analysis is done


-------
Page 16

Noticed that we use the left y-axis for the position and the right y-axis for the angles.
-> The left y-axis is position (solid curves) and the right y-axis is angle (dashed curves).

There are several things to discuss on this plot.
-> (this sentence is unnecessary)

peaks and falls
-> peaks and troughs

-------
Page 17-18

Why is Figure 14 plotted against base-antenna separations for
different antenna1-antenna2 separation, while Figure 15 is plotted
against antenna1-antenna2 separations for different base-antenna
separations?  I think they should have the same axes for easier
comparison.

"it is not clear that the standard deviation is affected by the distance between the other antennas"
  What do you mean "other" antennas?

In Figure 14, the peak at 3.6m is probably a bad measurement for two
of the curves (2.4m and 3.6m).

Figure 15: It seems strange that the noise appears to increase with
separation to the base antenna.  What will happen when we have 30m
instead of only 6m?

Can you extrapolate to determine what the noise behaviour will be when the base antenna is about 30m from the tower (around 60m line of sight to Antenna 1 and Antenna 2)?


-------
Page 19

"We wanted to run a more advanced..."
When you say this, it sounds like you wanted to do it, but you didn't.

we wanted to run
-> we now do a more advanced ...

and I would change all the following text into the present tense.



These results are resume in the Figure 17.
-> These results are shown in Figure 17.

As discussed above, I explain the high error on the fit...
-> The high erro of the fit...


--------
Page 20

The fitted model ... is displayed ...
-> The fitted model (eq. 3) is displayed ...

The parameters value of the model and their associated error...
-> The parameter value of the model and associated error...


-------
Page 21


Figure to summarize the fitting of the noise model : P(f) = ...
-> Figure to summarize the fitting of the noise model (eq. 3)

(more details can be found in the text)
-> this statement is not necessary.  It is always true for any figure that there are more details in the text.


--------
Page 22

"we can consider the system being fixed"
I'm not sure what you mean here.  Do you mean that the system does not move?  or that the system position is well defined?

Figure 18:  This has the same axes as Figure 15.  I think you should also make Figure 14 the same.



------
Page 23

General comment about language:  It's best to use the present tense everywhere.

We will explain -> We explain

We will need to make some simplyfing...
-> We must make some simplyfing...

"as explained above/before/etc" see comment above.  It's a question of
style, but I don't think it is necessary to make this kind of preamble
to a statement.  It sounds impolite to me unless you refer to a
specific section number, and not to text which is just above or on the
previous page, or in the same section.


Section 4.1.3
Maybe you could add a suggestion for resolving the degeneracy problem,
by adding a third antenna on the calibration box.

Another possibility might be to monitor the calibration source and try
to measure the polarization angle as a function of time.  The
calibration source is linear polarized, and so is QUBIC.  We also have
the HWP which could help if we can move it fast enough.

-------
Page 24

"...only possible because the source is symmetrical: rotation around
it's orientation does not affect the amplitude."
  This is not correct.  The rotation of the source around its
  bore-sight axis will change the response of the detector in QUBIC
  because there is a polarizing grid.  If the calibration source
  polarization is aligned with the polarizing grid, then we have
  maximum power.  If it rotates, the power arriving at the detector
  will be reduced.

  That means that we have detector response varying because of both
  movement and rotation of the source, and we should try to decouple
  these effects.

Why are there two // in the last paragraph on page 24?

 
-------
Pag 25

"avoid having a very large distance between the two"
  This seems counter-intuitive.  Are you sure?

Figure 20: It looks like you have the base antenna and antennas 1 and
2 all lined up.  Is this really what we want?  I think we must have a
geometric degeneracy in this case and we will not be able to compute
the position.  Did you ever line-up the antennas on the roof?



 ---------
 Page 27

visiualisation -> visualisation



-------
Page 28

Fig. 21:  The base antenna is not at the location of QUBIC, as it is in Fig. 20.


-------
Page 29

this rich information
-> this information


"let's remind"
  we would say, "let's recall" but I would write
-> To do this, we use the noise model as before, Eq.3


"antennas configuration"
-> antenna configurations

guaranty -> guarantee


error of the GPS data for the three configuration are shown
-> error of the GPS data for the three configurations is shown
(it's the error which is shown, not the three configurations)



--------
Page 30

intensity of a Gaussian beam folow this formula
-> intensity of a Gaussian beam folows this formula

I0 -> I_0


start by propagate
-> start by propagating


-------
Page 31

I don't think you have to say "very easy" and "even simpler"

1e^{-4}
should be 1\times10^{-4}

"Still, it is not negligible"
  I think this is probably negligible.  I would rephrase this as:

... will be very small, and perhaps negligible.  We will have to study...

-------
Page 33

"out of scope"

I don't think it is necessary to mention this.  You can end the
section with the previous sentence "We will have to study..."



